_____1._____
EVENT NAME-compare_players
PROPERTY NAME- id,id
EVENT TRIGGER - user compares two players
PROPERTY DESCRIPTION - id of player that is compared, id of player that is compared
PROPERTY POSSIBLE VALUES- Luka Modrić, Marko Livaja
DATA TYPE-String

Event si triggered when user compares two players. This is useful to mark because it can indicate weather user tracks players of various clubs in depth frequently (indicative for bettor), tracks only players of particular club of league (indicative for HC fan) or non of the above. In that regard we can better suit the app according to the type of user.

_____2._____
EVENT NAME-betting_event_time
PROPERTY NAME- id,time
EVENT TRIGGER - user opens betting event (need to predefine if event is betting or not) and stays on that event for time amount of seconds
PROPERTY DESCRIPTION - id of opened event, time spent in event in seconds
PROPERTY POSSIBLE VALUES- 1,5
DATA TYPE-String,Integer

Similarily to previous event, with this event we can track and diferetiate users that have higher probability for betting.

_____3._____
EVENT NAME-follow_game
PROPERTY NAME- id,if
EVENT TRIGGER - user follows specific game
PROPERTY DESCRIPTION - id of the team, id of the team
PROPERTY POSSIBLE VALUES- 1,4
DATA TYPE-Integer, Integer

_____4._____
EVENT NAME-best_betting_forecasters
PROPERTY NAME-
EVENT TRIGGER - user opens best betting forecasters tab
PROPERTY DESCRIPTION - 
PROPERTY POSSIBLE VALUES- 
DATA TYPE-

_____5._____
This is not specific event but maybe add time spent for most relevant events (this can be differentiated using previous models to see which events were most relevat and useful) so far to see how long does user stay in opened tabs. Accordingly, app can be modified to make most used and most stayed on features more visible and available or add new adds to them since that is one of income generators for app (I supose).

_____6._____
EVENT NAME-new_feature_time_spent
PROPERTY NAME-id,time
EVENT TRIGGER - user opens new feature inside app (this can be done for any new feature)
PROPERTY DESCRIPTION - id of the event, time spent 
PROPERTY POSSIBLE VALUES- 1,10
DATA TYPE-Integer,Integer

This event measures time spent using new feature in app. This doesn't have to be tracked forever, but for period of time after launching feature to see how long users navigate through it and potentially modifly it if established that feature is too complicated or not used enough.

